♪ MTV ♪
This ranch is under attack.
Our whole way of
life is under attack.
They hurt you to hurt us.
You got to pay the tax.
What tax is that?
The train tax.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's a county with a
population of zero.
There is no judge.
there is no sheriff.
Which is to say
there is no crime.
Would you be so kind as to
- take this with you?
- What. and just leave her there?
Consider it practice.
I was robbed.
What did he take?
He took everything.
What is this place?
Ain't never seen a rodeo?
What fresh hell is this?
Hyah!
And you're saying this
little girl did what?
- Murder.
Five times and counting.
This little girl?
You see a girl.
- Heard of Darwin?
- Yeah.
I've heard of that
quack son of a bitch.
Thinks we all came from apes.
Well. if we did. this
girl's the bridge.
Bridge between our
animal ancestors
and modern humanity.
Hidden away in an
undiscovered land
for thousands of years.
stunted in their current state
'cause there was
no need to evolve.
They lived in harmony
with their environment.
But that environment
is ours now.
We've given them
every opportunity
to embrace the modern age.
Some of 'em choose that path.
They choose to
become modern men.
but there's some. like this one.
who choose to remain an animal.
Like the wolf.
They lust only for the kill.
And like the wolf.
they must be erased
from this planet.
I'd like to help you.
I haven't seen her.
You haven't seen her?
Nope.
Well. your cowboy
says that she rode
with you for three
days with two others.
Well. that cowboy's wrong.
Says he hadn't seen her.
Who'd you see?
I mean. it's dusty
out on the trail.
Everybody's got wild
rags. hats pulled low.
Hard to see your hand with
all the dust and flies.
Hear she killed two
nuns in their sleep?
In their sleep.
Lives dedicated
to the word of God
and it's the devil who
snatched their souls.
Well. no offense. mister.
but I don't know
you to trust you.
Bring that priest in here.
let me hear it from him.
Step inside.
I will not set
foot in that place.
Got a witness says
he'll only talk to you.
Well. then. have
him come out to me.
What's the matter. Father.
your faith too weak to withstand
five minutes in a saloon?
Marshal says this little girl
killed two nuns in their sleep.
She did.
What for?
- Why?
- I don't know why.
Because sh... she is evil.
And evil does not need a reason.
We found 'em back in the canyon.
They helped us gather the herd
and push 'em into the yard here.
But I don't know where
they went after that.
Show me where.
We penned 'em here.
Made camp over there.
You see the wagon?
I don't see any cattle.
Shipped 'em out this morning.
Then took the road back to town?
Any of your cowboys head north?
Not that I know of.
Them ain't my cowboys.
Them horses is barefoot.
They went north.
If they're trying to stay hid.
they went the wrong direction.
There ain't a tree
within a thousand miles.
You can see an anthill
from the horizon.
it's so damn flat.
You don't know that country.
you're gonna wander
around in circles.
Yeah. they wouldn't know that.
They're gonna learn
it soon enough.
Keep up. Father.
We got 'em. Hyah!
Hyah!
Horses need to rest.
They need water more
than they need rest.
They need both.
We're going the wrong way.
Mexico's behind us.
So are the posters.
We go north.
then west to New
Mexico. then south.
I should go look for water.
We can't split up out here.
We don't know this land.
Marshals are looking
for three riders.
Not one.
Nobody's looking for me.
- Hmm.
- Nobody knows what I look like
here even if they were.
If you can't find
water close. come back.
Won't be gone long.
Promise.
I promise.
What do we think we're doing?
Everywhere is America.
Everywhere used
to be our country.
Not one of us ever escaped.
Chief Joseph couldn't.
Geronimo couldn't.
How can we do it?
They could have escaped.
They wouldn't leave
their people behind.
We'll make it because
we're out of people
to leave behind.
'cause we're the last
ones still fighting.
How about you slide
that over to me?
...375?
...416 Rigby.
And what the hell do
you shoot with this?
Depends on how bad of
a day you're having.
Not much it can't
send backwards.
What animal do this?
Leopard.
I don't know leopard.
Like a mountain lion but bigger.
With spots.
Like a jaguar.
You know jaguar?
It attacked you?
And you still here.
How you do that?
I killed it.
You're pretty far from anything
and I don't see a horse.
Hopped a train.
Picked a poor spot to get off.
Folks in the car didn't
give me much choice.
You see any other lawmen
come through here?
With a priest?
What about an Indian
girl. about 16.
traveling with two men?
You're the only
people I've seen.
Where you headed?
- Montana.
That's where the
lawmen are from.
And the priest and
the Indian girl.
Sure are lot of
folks from Montana
wandering around West Texas.
And we don't get
coincidences out here.
Let's go.
- Go where?
- Amarillo.
See if we can figure out who
or what you're hiding from.
I'm not hiding from anything.
I'm trying to get home.
Well. if that's the truth.
your train ticket's on us.
All you're gonna
do out here is die.
You're 30 miles from water.
If you ain't a fugitive.
this is the luckiest thing
that's ever happened to you.
Pretty lucky if
you are a fugitive.
Dinner service.
Thank God.
Thank you.
We'll share the stew.
Sir?
You only brought dinner for one.
She's the only one with food
service in the car. ma'am.
Dinner can be purchased
in the dining car. miss.
Good sir?
I...
I was robbed inside the
terminal in New York.
I've no money to
purchase dinner with.
Could I...
Could I add the service now
and pay at the next station?
If you have no money now.
what will be different
at the next station?
I can send a wire.
Have money transferred
to a bank in Chicago...
Thought I heard it all.
Sir.
I'm begging you.
It's been days since I ate.
Come with me.
Quite the story.
The kind it's hard
for one to believe.
No one wishes it were
false more than me. sir.
I assure you.
Yes. I can see that.
We've heard it all from
the back of the train.
as you can imagine.
But I can't have you starve.
I would prefer you didn't.
But I can't just give it to you.
It's not my place
to be charitable
with the Union Pacific's goods.
If you're willing to
work off the meals.
we'll keep you fed.
Thank you.
Excuse me. We're done.
Tea?
Do you see all these
Americans drinking coffee
in the evening. Paul? Coffee.
Pay them no mind. dear.
- Barbarians. the lot of them.
- Mm.
Oh. your skin. Paul.
look at her skin.
What of it?
Oh. you're blessed to
have such skin. girl.
Minus the shiner. of course.
These American women
love their men untamed.
I suppose it has its uses.
Oh. will you bring
us some biscuits?
You know what I mean
when I say "biscuit"?
I do not mean the flavorless mix
of flour and baking
soda served with dinner.
She means a cookie.
Yes. A cookie.
Bring us a cookie.
I swear. Americans have
reduced the king's tongue
to the gibberish of
infants. "Cookies."
Miss.
Good God!
Apologies. sir.
What about me?
I... I didn't spill it.
Rub there.
Why don't you bring
me something sweet?
Is this mine to keep?
If you don't tell him
about it. it's yours.
Mm.
Soak it in the stew.
It'll be soft soon enough.
What the hell?
We serve breakfast at 7:00.
Be there at 6:00.
Manager says to wear these
or you'll have no
feet left to stand on.
You're a rich
girl. Or you were.
Not too rich anymore. though.
Now you know what it's like.
- I wasn't in need of a lesson.
- Sure you were.
No royal family here. lady.
In America. you got to make it.
marry it or steal it.
You ain't cut out for hard work.
Bit too pure to steal.
I think. but...
with that face.
maybe you can marry
it. if you're lucky.
- I'm already married.
- Look how well he keeps you.
Like I said. I was robbed.
By a miserable excuse for a man
who clearly embraces one of
your pathways to success.
What's he do.
then. this husband?
His family runs a ranch.
Cattle?
Be careful with cowboys. love.
Treat their horses
better than their ladies.
Guess you're gonna
learn to work after all.
With all due respect.
you don't look like someone
who should be giving advice.
Not giving advice. just
explaining the world
you now find yourself in.
I hope you booked
return passage.
I don't think you have
the grit for this place.
- But you do?
- I don't do things
for me anymore.
Doesn't matter if I have it.
Only matters if they have it.
Y-You'll become
a mother one day.
You'll see.
Mothers can endure anything.
A child's first
act on this planet
is to tear his mother in two.
Rip her apart from the inside.
What emerges is a life
completely dependent on her.
For food. warmth.
comfort. protection.
The child will speak a language
devised solely of
wails and murmurs
and furrowed brows
and the mother
understands this language
the instant it is spoken.
The mother is consumed
and driven by a love
that is indescribable to those
who have not experienced it.
It is not the butterflies
of infatuation.
It is the instinct of love.
They feed you at the end
of your shift. then?
They do.
If you think of it.
grab some bread for my boys?
- You paid for meals.
- I paid what I could.
And what I could pay
was for one meal.
I'll see what I can get.
Anything interesting
in the news?
This was yesterday's news. dear.
Nothing interesting
happened yesterday?
"The supporters of
Adolfo de la Huerta
surrendered across Mexico."
ending a revolution I
was unaware took place.
- That's nice.
- The franc dropped
to 91 francs to the pound. Oof.
Explain to me. Paul.
- the war's been over for years.
- Mm-hmm.
How has everyone managed
to recover but the French?
'Cause the French are the
only nation paying loans
by taking more loans
then paying those loans
by printing more money.
A cocktail napkin has
more intrinsic value
than their franc.
I'm terribly sorry.
No need to be sorry.
you're exactly right.
Oxfordshire. Am I right?
Working your way across
the wilds of America.
much to your parents' chagrin.
no doubt.
No doubt indeed. ma'am.
I admire your spirit.
Don't let the entire
adventure be wasted on work.
Thank you. sir.
- Tea?
- I think no.
No stockings?
Tea?
I asked you a question.
I've no stockings. sir.
Coffee. Please.
Let's see if you can keep
it out of my lap this time.
The tears are saying no.
but your body is
saying something else.
Back to your duties.
You know what they do
to people like you.
that go mad like a wild animal?
They treat you like one.
They cut the front
of your lobe out.
Then you sit in the
garden and stare at fruit
for the rest of your sorry life.
And good riddance.
He attacked me.
I seen plenty of
women take a beating.
Not one of those
beatings ended with a man
- losing all his fucking teeth.
- With his hand.
On me.
I-In me.
He raped me with his hand.
Is that not a crime
on your train. sir?
Well. it's not up to me now.
It's up to the Chicago police.
When did y'all build a lobby?
Last year.
Business was that good?
Ain't a hotel in town
stays as full as our jail.
Let me in the back.
It's open.
You all just keep
building onto this place.
There's a mansion
out in California
called the Winchester House.
Woman who owns it's
been building onto
it since the 1880s.
They say if she stops the
ghosts of all the people killed
by a Winchester rifle will
haunt her out of that house.
That's what this
place is turning into.
Well. I've sent a few ghosts
Miss Winchester's way.
But you're exactly
right. we are haunted.
Not a sorrier son of a
bitch than these roughnecks.
Thought cowboys was wild.
but once they found
oil in the ground.
been introduced to a
new level of rascal.
Who's this?
That's what I'm
trying to find out.
Can I borrow your telephone?
- Operator?
- Operator.
I need a sheriff in...
Where in Montana?
Bozeman.
Bozeman. Montana.
Operator.
Caller. who are you
trying to reach?
Bozeman sheriff.
Uh. Bozeman is a
city. not a county.
It doesn't have a sheriff.
It has a chief of police.
Well. surely Bozeman
resides in a county
and that county has a sheriff.
Uh. the county is
Gallatin. miss.
I'll connect you
with the sheriff.
- Does this sheriff have a name?
- He does.
When I connect him.
you can ask him.
Switchboard operators
can get a little salty.
Impudence rides
sidesaddle with anonymity.
There's a Marshal Fossett
from the Indian territory
on the telephone.
- Indian territory?
- Oklahoma. I suppose.
Operator said the call
is from Amarillo. Texas.
Take the phone on
the wall. Sheriff.
This is Sheriff McDowell.
Sheriff. this is Marshal
Fossett out of Fort Sill.
I'm in Amarillo
with a Spencer Dutton...
Sheriff?
You sound like a woman.
Well. there's a reason for that.
Would you like to ruminate on
the specifics of my plumbing
or could you verify
the identity of the
man we have in custody?
I need to know you're
who you say you are
before I discuss anything.
This is Sheriff Hutchison.
Potter County. Texas.
This woman's a marshal?
I'm staring at her
badge right now.
- So. you know her?
- Yeah. I know her.
Hmm.
I apologize. ma'am.
I did not know that there
were female marshals.
Well. there's one. Do you
know a Spencer Dutton?
I know him well.
- Do you vouch for him?
- Marshal.
that's a Congressional
Medal of Honor recipient.
The president can vouch for him.
You won the Medal of Honor?
Not that I'm aware of.
He doesn't know about any medal.
Well. he received
it just the same.
Let me talk to him.
What are you doing in Texas?
I'm coming home.
You taking the
scenic route. huh?
The men who killed my brother...
...where are they?
Are they still free?
Now you listen to me.
You better stay in Texas
if your plan is coming back
here and starting a war.
As far as I know.
war's already started.
And you ain't stopped it.
Winter stopped it. son.
Winter's over.
Not up here. it ain't.
Tell my aunt I'm coming home.
Can you do that?
Before you do anything.
you come over here and see
me first thing. understand?
This is not the place you left.
Tell her.
So he's not a criminal?
Not yet. till he gets back here.
You want to do that
young man a favor?
Detain him.
Find a reason to keep
him right where he is.
You can't arrest a man for
what he might do. Sheriff.
You're free to go.
I think you owe
me a train ticket.
- I'll need to stow that for you.
- This rifle stays with me.
- We've got policies against...
- I don't give a shit
about your policies.
Rifle stays with me.
What happened to this country?
What other rules were made when
I was killing for this place?
He says no laws apply here?
Why here?
Because this is a
county with no people.
No judge.
No jury of your peers.
This is where we put the
whole fucking lot of them.
What did she do. you reckon?
I don't know.
I don't know that
she did anything.
Drugs. maybe.
Whore like that. morphine.
Didn't look like drugs to me.
What a waste.
And just like that.
a problem disappears.
Seems too easy.
They try to think of everything
when they make their laws.
But it turns out. everything's
a lot to consider.
♪ It's automatic ♪
♪ But it's true ♪
♪ A good man will never do ♪
♪ He said ♪
♪ "I met a dame" ♪
♪ He will always... ♪
I sure could use a light.
♪ But girls ♪
- ♪ Take my advice...
- Here you go. Right here.
It's okay. Second.
♪ And always keep him nice... ♪
Will you boys give us a moment?
F-Find us inside?
Promise.
♪ No matter how you try ♪
What the hell?
I'm just saving you time.
They can't afford you.
What do you mean. "afford me"?
Let's not play
"babe in the woods."
Here all alone. in that dress.
and expect me to believe
you're not working?
What the hell are you doing?
Working.
Fine.
Why don't you go work over
there and leave me alone?
Or...
we could work together.
I have a client who
will pay for one night
what you don't make in a month.
Yeah?
If he's so great. why
are you pawning him off?
I'm not pawning anything.
He's got a big appetite.
One's not enough.
He's British. so he
likes a little...
theater... in the bedroom.
if you know what I mean.
Not sure I do.
Doesn't that sound like fun?
- People are watching.
- Let them.
What do you say?
Let's go.
It's not right. Paul.
It's not our business. darling.
Well. I'm making
it our business.
Stand up. miss.
You won't even ask
to hear my side?
Do that to someone's face.
you don't have a side.
And I don't care how many
girls he's got on the side.
Girls on the side...
Up and turn around.
I will not.
I have rights.
Stand up and turn around
or I will turn you around.
Have it your way. lady.
What about my things?
My luggage. I need my things.
Officer. I was witness
to the assault.
Yeah. well. I'll get
your name and address
after we load her up.
Officer.
You are arresting
the victim. sir.
The victim?
My husband and I both
witnessed the man place...
...place his hand
beneath her skirt
as she poured him coffee.
He groped her privates
and she defended herself.
Did you tell anyone this?
I told the conductor.
He's not your boyfriend?
I am married. sir. and
not to that scoundrel.
The man says you're his girl.
Well. officer. I think you
should consider that a rapist
might also be capable of lying.
You both saw it?
Yes. we did.
I was prepared to intervene.
but the lady was quite adept
at intervening on
her own behalf.
You both be willing
to make a statement?
We are. sir.
Let me go talk to the guy and
see what his story is now.
Thank you.
Get your hands off me.
Get... You're making
a big mistake!
You'll need to come down
to the station tomorrow
to file a formal complaint
so we can prosecute.
At this address.
What happens to him?
He comes with us.
You're free to go.
I-I was looking for you.
I'm sure. Where is it?
Where's what?
My tips.
- Officer!
- Don't. Okay. Okay.
You know. one day.
you'll have children.
And you'll see.
I already see.
Cancelled.
The train to Fargo
is cancelled. Why?
Snowdrift.
How long do those last?
- Till they melt.
- How long does that take?
I don't know. lady.
So far. there are
only seven tickets
sold to that train.
You want to know why?
'Cause no one goes to Fargo
in the fucking winter.
- It's spring.
- It's spring in Florida.
Out here. it's...
it's winter till June.
Let's go. Thank
you so much. sir.
Do you need a ride
somewhere. dear?
They cancelled my train.
Come on. let's go.
A train station
is no place for a young lady.
Neither is Chicago.
for that matter.
Come with us.
Go with you where?
Winnetka.
- Where's that?
- It's not far.
It will remind you more of
Oxfordshire than America.
I assure you.
It seems...
...a bit of respite
from your adventures
might be needed.
You've seen what happens to men
with wayward hands around me.
I shall keep my hand
firmly in my pockets.
I assure you.
Bet you don't wander
far from water.
Indian.
That's a fucking Indian.
Ha!
Ha! Yah!
Yah! Yah!
Ha! Ha!
Whoa. whoa.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm